Lingshi County is Fukuze Tianzhi
If you can get those ten plants
Invincible within Kyushu
Such a Chinese thing
Try your best to get it in the bag
This spirit stone fell into my Su family
It's the Su family plant.
You even dare to hit the idea of this spirit stone
Except for me, Luo Zhan
No one can ever marry this clock thing again
Big talk
I'll try. How hard is that?
The spirit stone is in sight
The dignified sect master of the Su family can't take this spirit stone away
It's really a bag
Since he, Su Shen, can't take this spirit stone away
Then don't blame us for such a good opportunity.
I told you.
Except for me, Luo Zhan
No one can ever marry this clock thing again
You have to ask for it
It's a grudge